fixed an issue in msg when parse only headers (#78)
demisto/parse-emails: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

v0.1.20

> * fixed an issue in msg when parse only headers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* fixed an issue when parsing msg with headers only.
```
